docs(contribution): post feedback update (#603)
scania-digital-design-system/tegel: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contribution Guide

## Welcome Section

> - **Introduction**: Welcome dear contributors to the Tegel Design system project. We are very thankful for your interest in contributing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Introduction**: Welcome, dear contributors, to the Tegel Design system. We are very thankful for your interest in contributing.
```

Im thinking that we should remove the word "project". It may suggest that it's a permanent, evolving entity rather than a one-time or finite effort?

> - **Project Overview**: Aim of Tegel Design system is to provide a set of reusable components that can be used in any project. The project is open-sourced and we welcome contributions from the community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Project Overview**: The aim of Tegel Design system is to provide a set of reusable components that can be used in any project. The project is open source and we welcome contributions from the community.
```

## How to Contribute

> - **Types of Contributions**: There are different ways to contribute to the project. You can contribute by writing code, writing documentation, reporting bugs, requesting new features, or providing community support in our [Development support channel](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/channel/19%3a5e33f67fe502441f914fbcdc6e2548f5%40thread.skype/Development%2520support%2520-%2520Tegel?groupId=79f9bfeb-73e2-424d-9477-b236191ece5e&tenantId=3bc062e4-ac9d-4c17-b4dd-3aad637ff1ac).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Types of Contributions**: There are different ways to contribute to the project. You can contribute by writing code, documentation, reporting bugs, requesting new features, or providing community support in our [Development support channel](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/channel/19%3a5e33f67fe502441f914fbcdc6e2548f5%40thread.skype/Development%2520support%2520-%2520Tegel?groupId=79f9bfeb-73e2-424d-9477-b236191ece5e&tenantId=3bc062e4-ac9d-4c17-b4dd-3aad637ff1ac).
```

Reviewer: Maybe we should also mention Github discussions as a way of providing support? To get more traction there?

Author: Sure, we can do that. Good idea ;)

> - **First-Time Contributors**: We recommend taking a look on the reported [issues](https://github.com/scania-digital-design-system/tegel/issues) here in GitHub. We consider a small bug or improvement a best candidate for first contribution. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **First-Time Contributors**: We recommend taking a look on the reported [issues](https://github.com/scania-digital-design-system/tegel/issues) here on GitHub. We consider a small bug or improvement a best candidate for first contribution. 
```

## Before You Start

> - **Typoe of Contribution**: If contribution is new component or bigger change on existing one, please get in touch with Tegel's designers and developers before to align on the direction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Type of Contribution**: If contribution is new component or bigger change on existing one, please get in touch with Tegel's designers and developers before to align on the direction.
```

- **Check Existing Issues/PRs**: Take a look on the [issues](https://github.com/scania-digital-design-system/tegel/issues) and [pull requests](https://github.com/scania-digital-design-system/tegel/pulls) to see if someone has already started on the same thing.

## Contribution Process

> - **Repo access**: You can either fork the repo or in case you are Scania employee you can ask for access to the repo as external contributor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Repo access**: You can either fork the repo or in case you are a Scania employee you can ask for access to the repo as an external contributor.
```

- **Setting Up Your Environment**: Check main [README.md](https://github.com/scania-digital-design-system/tegel/blob/main/README.md) for instructions on how to setup the development environment.

> - **Commit Messages**: We use [conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/). In case you have not use it so far, type `npm run commit` in your terminal and interactive guide will help you formulating the correct message. There is commit pre-commit hook that lints message. We may have strong opinion about commit messages, but they make our release notes short and informative as well neat. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Commit Messages**: We use [conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/). In case you have not used it so far, type `npm run commit` in your terminal, and an interactive guide will help you formulate the correct message. There is a pre-commit hook that lints the message. We may have strong opinions about commit messages, but they help make our release notes short, informative, and neat.
```

> - **Pull Request Process**: Please follow the [Pull Request Template](https://github.com/scania-digital-design-system/tegel/blob/main/.github/pull_request_template.md) and fill out all the sections. Provide title of PR according to conventional commits, add reviewers, assign yourself as assignee.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Pull Request Process**: Please follow the [Pull Request Template](https://github.com/scania-digital-design-system/tegel/blob/main/.github/pull_request_template.md) and fill out all the sections. Provide title of PR according to conventional commits, add reviewers, assign yourself as assignee and add eventual appropriate label that describes the PR.
```

- **Code Review Process**: We will review your PR and provide feedback. Once the PR is ready for merge, it will be merged by the maintainers.

## Style Guides
- **Code Style**: Please read our [Code Style](https://github.com/scania-digital-design-system/tegel/blob/main/CODE_STYLE.md) before contributing.

> ## Testing

Reviewer 2: Should we add information about the need for Docker Desktop to run tests here as well?

Author: I think it is sufficient to have it under "Setting up the development environment" in the main readme. We could improve entire readme docs by breaking it into testing, getting started etc... but it is bigger work for another PR.

- **Running Tests**: Run `npm run test` to run the test suite. It will run a lot of Playwright tests. It might take 15-20 seconds to run all the tests. Test run on commit at the moment. Successful test will enable commiting.

> - **Writing Tests**: In case component has been changed or new feature added, please update or write tests for it. We use [Playwright](https://playwright.dev/docs/writing-tests) for writing tests. Also, take a look at existing tests in our components and see how they are written.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Writing Tests**: In case a component has been changed or a new feature added, please update or write tests for it. We use [Playwright](https://playwright.dev/docs/writing-tests) for writing tests. Also, take a look at existing tests in our components and see how they are written.
```
